Fix dead repository link to Java example (#355)
cucumber/docs: content/docs/tools/java.md

Steps:

> 1.  Create a new Gradle project or look at [cucumber-java-skeleton](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-java-skeleton) example on Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a new Gradle project or look at [gradle-cucumber-runner](https://github.com/tsundberg/gradle-cucumber-runner) example on Github
```

Reviewer: @Riggs333 Are you able to commit the suggestion so we can merge your PR?
